I want you to put together a young
top-notch team for me Dan you feel like
that you trained in Butte motors I'm
getting the like API already right why
look like the real thing
that's not up we got the call
you're awaiting the arrival of an
international fugitive Emily fortunes is
estimated in the billions of dollars I
would give one hundred million dollars
so whoever gets down over here what the
hell happened a motorcade guys good hit
they learn to coming out of the woodwork
we have an ex-wife guy leading this
attack might tell us a secret okay guys
this is all trained for
you will be ready for anyone and
anything
[Music]